Specification of test zones for CONSISTENCY05 and CONSISTENCY06 (#1213)
zonemaster/zonemaster: docs/public/specifications/test-zones/Consistency-TP/consistency05.md

IB-ADDR-MISMATCH-1        | IN_BAILIWICK_ADDR_MISMATCH, EXTRA_ADDRESS_CHILD | OUT_OF_BAILIWICK_ADDR_MISMATCH, CHILD_ZONE_LAME, CHILD_NS_FAILED, NO_RESPONSE, ADDRESSES_MATCH
IB-ADDR-MISMATCH-2        | IN_BAILIWICK_ADDR_MISMATCH       | OUT_OF_BAILIWICK_ADDR_MISMATCH, EXTRA_ADDRESS_CHILD, CHILD_ZONE_LAME, CHILD_NS_FAILED, NO_RESPONSE, ADDRESSES_MATCH
IB-ADDR-MISMATCH-3        | IN_BAILIWICK_ADDR_MISMATCH, NO_RESPONSE | OUT_OF_BAILIWICK_ADDR_MISMATCH, EXTRA_ADDRESS_CHILD, CHILD_ZONE_LAME, CHILD_NS_FAILED, NO_RESPONSE, ADDRESSES_MATCH
EXTRA-ADDRESS-CHILD       | EXTRA_ADDRESS_CHILD              | IN_BAILIWICK_ADDR_MISMATCH, OUT_OF_BAILIWICK_ADDR_MISMATCH, CHILD_ZONE_LAME, CHILD_NS_FAILED, NO_RESPONSE, ADDRESSES_MATCH
OOB-ADDR-MISMATCH         | OUT_OF_BAILIWICK_ADDR_MISMATCH   | IN_BAILIWICK_ADDR_MISMATCH, EXTRA_ADDRESS_CHILD, CHILD_ZONE_LAME, CHILD_NS_FAILED, NO_RESPONSE, ADDRESSES_MATCH

## Zone setup for test scenarios

Assumptions for the scenario specifications unless otherwise specified for
the specific scenario:

> * For each scenario zone there are two name server configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For each scenario zone there are two name servers configured.
```

* Zone: "child.addresses-match-6.consistency05.xa."
  * Both ns1 and ns2 are out-of-bailiwick
  * ns1 is "ns1.sibbling.addresses-match-6.consistency05.xa"
  * ns2 is "ns2.sibbling.addresses-match-6.consistency05.xa"
  * Delegation is with glue.
  * The test zone ("child") has no address records for the NS names, but the
    "sibbling" zone has full set of address records.

### ADDRESSES-MATCH-7
Also "happy path". NS in subdomain.

* Zone: "addresses-match-7.consistency05.xa."
  * ns1 is "ns1.subdomain.addresses-match-7.consistency05.xa."
  * ns2 is "ns2.subdomain.addresses-match-7.consistency05.xa."
  * Delegation is with glue.
  * "subdomain.addresses-match-7.consistency05.xa" is delegated to the same
    ns1 and ns2.
  * ns1 and ns2 are defined with address records in the "subdomain" zone.

### CHILD-ZONE-LAME-1
Lame. No NS responds.

* Zone: "child-zone-lame-1.consistency05.xa."
  * ns1 and ns2 do not respond.

### CHILD-ZONE-LAME-2
Lame. One NS non-AA and one NS SERVFAIL.

* Zone: "child-zone-lame-2.consistency05.xa."
  * ns1 respones with AA bit unset.
  * ns2 responds with [RCODE Name] "ServFail".

### IB-ADDR-MISMATCH-1

> For one NS (in-bailiwick), the glue does not match address response from the
> zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For one NS (in-bailiwick), the addresses in the glue do not match those in the
authoritative data from the zone.
```

* Zone: "ib-addr-mismatch-1.consistency05.xa."
  * ns2 is defined in the zone, but with different addresses (IPv4 and IPv6),

>     i.e. not the samme as in glue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    i.e. not the same as in glue.
```

  * Both ns2 servers (IP address sets from glue and child, respectively) must
    give identical DNS responses.

### IB-ADDR-MISMATCH-2

> For one NS (in-bailiwick), the glue does not match any address records in the
> zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For one NS (in-bailiwick), address records exist in the glue, but not in the
authoritative data for the zone.
```

For ns2 (in-bailiwick), there is no NS for ns2 and the glue does not match any
address records in the zone. Furthermore, ns2 does not respond.

* Zone: "ib-addr-mismatch-3.consistency05.xa."
  * There is no NS record with ns2 in RDATA.
  * ns2 is not defined in the zone, i.e. there are no address records for ns2
    (IPv4 or IPv6) in the zone.
  * ns2 does not respond (but it is in the delegation)

### EXTRA-ADDRESS-CHILD
Child zone has one extra address record on the NS name.

* Zone: "extra-address-child.consistency05.xa."
  * The zone has address records for ns2 that match glue, but in addition
    the zone has extra A and AAAA records for ns2.
  * Both ns2 servers (both sets of IP addresses from child) must give identical
    DNS responses.

### OOB-ADDR-MISMATCH
For one NS (out-of-bailiwick, but with glue) glue does not match AA address
response.

* Zone: "child.oob-addr-mismatch.consistency05.xa."
  * Both ns1 and ns2 are out-of-bailiwick
  * ns1 is "ns1.sibbling.oob-addr-mismatch.consistency05.xa"
  * ns2 is "ns2.sibbling.oob-addr-mismatch.consistency05.xa"
  * Delegation is with glue.
  * The test zone ("child") has no address records for the NS names.

>   * The "sibbling" zone has full set of address records
>   * ns1 in the "sibbling" zone matches the addresses of glue.
>   * ns2 in the "sibbling" zone does not match the addresses of glue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The "sibling" zone has full set of address records
  * ns1 in the "sibling" zone matches the addresses of glue.
  * ns2 in the "sibling" zone does not match the addresses of glue.
```

>   * All IP addresses of ns1 and ns2 must server the identical versions
>     of the zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * All IP addresses of ns1 and ns2 must serve identical versions of the zone.
```
